– I know. Why don't we play 20 Questions?
– Yeah!
Wait, what's 20 Questions?
– Well, you ask us questions
about ourselves and we answer them.
– It's easy. Go.
– Why don't you have a wife?
– Woah.
– Well, how do you know I don't?
– Do you have a wife?
– Well, no.
– Then why don't you have a wife?
– Uhh, her turn!
– How many friends have you got?
– Oh, um...three?
– That's not many.
– Why have you only got three friends?
– Well, um... back to him.
– Why do we only see you at Christmas?
– 'Cause I work on an oil rig.
– Is that why you don't have a wife?
– Oh, maybe.
– What's an oil rig?
– Why is your hair so pretty?
– BOTH: Almond milk shampoo.
– Do you want to have children?
– BOTH: Yes.
– Will Bosco be the daddy?
– Um, no...
Bosco and I aren't friends anymore...
– Who's Bosco?
– No-one. Next question!
– Bosco's her true love.
– Not anymore!
– But true love is forever!
– Well, ah...
– Is true not forever?
– It is! I mean,
I thought it was...
– Ah, let's play in the backyard.
– BOTH: Yeah!